friends hello this video will tell
you about how to register in the game
warframe
To get started, click on the link that
is under this video clicking on it you
go to the game site where you will be offered
fill in a short registration form
first enter your e-mail then
confirm you then think up
currently nickname
further come up with a password and confirm and
after that you will need to deliver
a tick near the clause about the conditions
use the game and press the button and
registration then you will need
confirm your email address
mail for this you need to go to your
email
find there a letter from the game developers and
click on the activation link from which
is inside new
then you will be back on the game site and
see the message that the activation
was successful after that go to
website start page in the top left
of the screen, change the language to Russian Do
click the download now button
right part of the gram clicking on it you
download the installation file of the game after
downloads click on its icon for
launch installation
the standard procedure will follow.
installation world after which you can
start instantly on this procedure
registration in the game
over friends put like if you
liked this video and subscribe
many more await you on our channel
interesting about better online and
and see you all